Add tests for user and session tracking/blocking (#3291)
DataDog/system-tests: docs/weblog/README.md

This endpoint is the initial endpoint used to test session fingerprints, consequently it must initialize a new session and the web client should be able to deal with the persistence mechanism (e.g. cookies).

> Returns the identifier of the created session id :
> 
> ```text
> c377db41-b664-4e30-af57-5df2e803bec7
> ```

Reviewer: Otherwise it looks like you want us to return an hardcoded value
```suggestion
Returns the identifier of the created session id. Example :

```text
c377db41-b664-4e30-af57-5df2e803bec7
```
```

Examples:
- `GET`: `/session/user?sdk_user=sdkUser`

> ### \[GET\] /user/me

Reviewer: not sure what's the difference between this endpoint and `/user_login_success_event` or `/login` ?

Author: I'll clarify it in the documentation, this endpoint should be called once the user has already been logged into the system (meaning no auto login event generated).

Author: This endpoint was originally designed to test session fingerprinting that required a user ID, the fact that this is under the `/session` path, makes it clear that it requires an active session (but we could have reused the ones that you mentioned ofc). From the doc:

> Once a session has been established, a new call to `/session/user` must be made in order to generate a session fingerprint with the session id provided by the web client (e.g. cookie) and the user id provided as a parameter.

Reviewer: idk it feels like it's an additional endpoint that is not very different from the ones we already have and we could use those instead, it's a bit confusing imo why we'd need this one

Author: Removed, the new version does not create new endpoints (it uses `/` instead)

> A call to `/user/me` can be done in order to get the current user id logged in the system.

Reviewer: should it return the user in the body ? that's not very clear from that description
